                              CALL FOR ABSTRACTS:
                          The First International Workshop on
                     Quantum Classical Cooperative Computing (QCCC-22)
                           May 30th, 2022, Lyon, France

                             Held in conjunction with
    The 36th IEEE International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium
                                    (IPDPS’22)

The past five years have seen tremendous development in quantum computing technology, remarked by 
the demonstration of quantum supremacy. Although many quantum algorithms declare exponential 
speedups over their classical counterparts, today's quantum devices in the noisy-intermediate 
scale quantum (NISQ) era are very susceptible to environmental noise, internal interference, 
manufacturing imperfection, and technology limitation. Consequently, quantum algorithms that 
are more robust to noise, or can be effectively decomposed into small pieces for incremental 
or parallel quantum execution become promising. 

The purpose of this workshop is to explore innovative ways of quantum-classical cooperative 
computing (QCCC) to make quantum computing more effective and scalable in NISQ platforms. The 
workshop will focus heavily on how classical computing can improve NISQ device execution 
efficiency, scalability, or compensate for noise impact or technology deficiency, with particular 
emphasis on demonstrable approaches on existing NISQ platforms, such as IBM-Q, IonQ and Rigetti.

Topics of interest include, but not limited to:
* Quantum classical hybrid algorithms
* Variational quantum algorithms (VQA)
* Quantum runtime systems and schedulers
* Parallel quantum computing
* Quantum resources management
* Architectural support for QCCC
* Quantum circuit decomposition, integration and sampling techniques
* Quantum profiling and instrumentation
* Effective approaches for encoding/decoding classical information into/from quantum state
* Quantum error correction and error mitigation
* Other QCCC approaches

Topics that are not relevant include pure quantum or pure classical algorithm/hardware design, 
benchmarking of quantum algorithm/devices. 

Venue:
This workshop is part of IEEE International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium (IPDPS 2022)
scheduled from May 30 to June 3, 2022 at Ecole Normale Supérieure de Lyon, Lyon, France. 

Important Dates:
* Extended 2-page Abstract Submission Deadline: Friday, Febrary 25, 2022
* Acceptance Notification: Friday, March 4, 2022
* Camera-ready Manuscripts Due: Tuesday, March 15, 2022
* Workshop: Monday, May 30, 2022

Paper Submissions:

Authors are invited to submit original 2-page (double-column) extended abstracts. The deadline is 
Friday, Mar 11, 2022. Accepted papers will be invited to submit a full paper for the workshop 
proceedings to be published in the IEEE Digital Library as part of the IPDPS-22 workshop proceedings. 

Full papers for the workshop proceedings will be due Friday, April 29, 2022. The full paper is 
limited to 6 pages without references. Please use the IEEE Conference Proceedings format for
your submissions: (https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html).

Accepted papers will be given 15 mins to present in the workshop.

Papers are to be submitted electronically through the Easychair system at: 
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=qccc22

Program Committee:
TBD.
